Acrotastic:0.1.0 (#1)
Julian702/typst-packages: packages/preview/acrotastic/0.1.0/README.md

# Acrotastic (0.1.0)

Manages all your acronyms for you.

> Acrotastics main features are auto-expansion of the first occurence, manual short and long forms, implicit or manual plural form support, and customizable linkable index printing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Acrotastics main features are clickable abbreviations that auto-expand on the first occurence, manual short and long forms, implicit or manual plural form support, and customizable index printing.
```

| Acronym is not a key in the acronyms dictionary.                                                           | Make sure that the acronym is defined in the dictionary passed to `#init-acronyms(dict)`                                     |
| No definitions found for acronym. Make sure it is defined in the dictionary passed to #init-acronyms(dict) | The acronym is in the dictionary, but has no correct definition.                                                             |
| Definitions should be arrays of one or two strings. Definition of acronym is:                              | The acronym has a definition, but the definition doesn't have the right type. Make sure it's an array of one or two strings. |

Moreover you have to be careful when using states.

- For every acronym "ABC" that you define, the state named "acronym-state-ABC" is initialized and used. To avoid errors, do not try to use this state manually for other purposes. Similarly, the state named "acronyms" is reserved to Acrotastic. Please avoid using it.

> - The functions above are leveraging the state `display` function and only works if the return value is actually printed in the document. For more information on states, see the [Typst documentation on states]([State Type – Typst Documentation](https://typst.app/docs/reference/introspection/state/)).

Reviewer: This is rendered incorrectly
